# AP_CS_Final_Project
This is an AP computer science submission where the student created a web questionnaire.

In this questionnaire we created html files that creates a class and a url for each individual html file, so each question is it's own url. The flask user will select the answer they feel best fits the question, then whatever the leader the answer coincides with will gain a point. 

To start the questionnaire the user first must start the app.py file. Once the app.py file starts in the terminal you will be notified "Running on http://localhost:8081". The user will then type in the url: http://localhost:8081/reset, to check that the quiz options are clear. Next the user will type the url: http://localhost:8081/question/1, to start the actual questionnaire, the first question "Where do you feel most at home?" will now show up and will provide the user with a drop down with five options, the user picks the one they feel best applies to themselves, then click go. In clicking go the computer will them be directed to the second question's url. The second question will ask: "What do you value most in life?", to answer you click on the drag down and pick which of the five choices best fit, then you click go and will be sent to the third question. The third question will ask: "What is your fatal flaw?", you click the drag down and pick one of the five choices, then click go and will be sent to the fourth question. The fourth question asks: "What are you most afraid of?", you will click which of the five best apply to you, then click go and will be sent to the fifth. This question will ask: "What is your weapon of choice?", you answer by clicking the drag down and picking which of the five choices best apply to you. Then you will be sent to the sixth question: "What adjective would you describe yourself with?", you click the drag down and pick one of the five choices, then click go and will be sent to the seventh question. The seventh question asks: "Where would you rather live?", you click the drag down and pick one of the five choices, then click go and will be sent to the eighth question. The eighth question will ask: "What would you rather have?", you click the drag down and pick one of the five choices, then click go and will be sent to the ninth question. The ninth question will ask: "Who do you want as your Godly parent?", you click the drag down and pick one of the five choices, then click go and will be sent to the tenth question. The tenth question will ask: "Who is your favorite god?", you click the drag down and pick one of the five choices, then click go and will be sent to the eleventh and final question. The final question will ask: "What creature would you want as a familiar?", click the drag down and pick one of the five choices, click go and you will be redirected to the url: http://localhost:8081/results. Here you will be told "the character you best fit".

When you select one of the answers to each question a point will be added to the corresponding character it applies to in the leaders list. At the end of the quiz the leader with the greatest number of points will be returned as "the character you best fit". If there is a tie in the list of the leaders then the code will randomly pick one of the characters from the tie to be returned as "the character you best fit". After recieving your results you can reset the quiz to take again by typing the reset url:  http://localhost:8081/reset. After resetting the quiz, if you want to take it again you can type: http://localhost:8081/question/1, however, you no longer want to take the quiz you can end it. To end the quiz you can open up the terminal and press CTRL+C to quit the process.

Sources:
Flask:
https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/testing/
https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/

pytest:
https://docs.pytest.org/en/8.0.x/